Written by Nolan "xEquinaux" Flammini
.  Designed for alternate-reality-lab 
.  (in-house name) project
.  Concept by friboi#2426

[Act 1] The Lab’s Corners
[Scene 1] The Waking Hour

Emily crawls out of her cot attached to the side of wall and floor. Her back aches from the nutrient injections that keep her stable, nourished, and lean – not eating food will do that to a person. Her dreams were more real than she imagined as she saw Janet, the head psychologist pass the window looking onto to the atrium. Janet was in her dreams, except that she saw three of them talking to a painting on the wall. But nonetheless, dreams are best ignored when they get out of hand. Janet stopped by the painting on the wall, and began observing it for no apparent reason. Then Emily remembered the painting was a screen with an obsfucation device making it look like a painting from further away.

Nonetheless, the dream subsided and she pulled her wits about her. Nothing was really going on at this time of the morning. Plain old drawings she made and other nonsensical hobbies she did. She was fond of sketching. But she remembered something as things go: today she needed to go to the lab proper and join David her acquaintance from the other corner of the lab living quarters.

David was privately a contestant to her ideals as a healthy lab subject. They were not enemies, just knowing each other exist. She was afraid he could read her mind because he was very fastidious. Must have been a different type of neurological care and attention. She was more or less being groomed into a future scientist whereas David was a sort of militant-minded individual try as they might to get him to study harder. He’d rather make lively conversations with the psychologist Janet than meditate.

Thus the lab corners where they resided went on as such.

[End scene]

[Act 1] The Lab’s Corners
[Scene 2] The Meeting in the Atrium

Janet paused by the door to the lab’s resting chambers after scanning her aura into the computer on the wall – the fake painting we talked about earlier – in order to access the chamber’s ventilation and give the occupants some refreshing odour before she walked within through the open door. Emily greeted her with a smile and stood up. David was already at the basic cleaning his face.

“Greetings Emily—don’t mess with the flowers today,” implored Janet.
“Oh nonsense, these things don’t get weird with a little poke or a nice sniffing,” replied Emily, “And they rather appear quite nice when in the light.”
“Alright, but still, don’t touching—they’re undergoing some soil enhancements. You know, although we are testing you on your abilities, you have it quite nice here,” Janet suggested.
With a terse sneer, David walked over and said, “C’mon this is ridiculous. We know nothing about the outside and you call it nice in here? You know what it’s like in the downtown region of Rekyavik and we’ve heard stories you know. Not so bad for the privileged,” sighed David. “Yet alas, this place is safe,” he said as he return to his placid facial expressions.
“It’s time, both of you, let’s go,” and with that Janet, swished her hand through the air, registered the wall motion detection, and approached the passageway. Slowly, Emily and David followed.

The atrium was accessed through a few passageways sooner than later. The artificial sky created by the lamps and ventilators was quite nice—but compared to real summer air in the vestiges of Normandy, it was still not much. 

Souse was waiting there in the open courtyard. He shrugged off some surprise when he saw all three of them, apparently expecting to not see David this morning.

Souse quickly brought his hands up in gesture and exclaimed, “One of you is getting released today. We thought that would never happened but we’re in deep trouble with my superior. You see—”
Janet quickly interrupted and said, “Wait a second, you mean Jashua of the old remnant? I never expected him to bend his will. Must have been a big motivator to change his mind.”
Souse contorted his lips a little and said, “Yeah, I agreed with him, but nonetheless, I think Emily will be the one to go. We have big plans for David, and Emily has finished all the trials. We can’t really do much more with her.”

Emily squirmed a little in earnest thinking of how David might respond. David though on the other hand shrugged and accepted the outcome, at least visually.

[End scene]
